hey what's cooking this is chef Louise
if I can cook you can cook you're
watching wah-wah TV welcome to all my
walk I am chef Louise if I could cook UK
cook today we're making a very famous
dish it's called Mapo tofu and in
English is that any different it's just
Mapo tofu so the ingredients we'll need
today first tofu and that in Chinese is
tofu then we're gonna need ground pork
sweet drew scallion home and a very
conveniently prepared Mapo tofu sauce
and this is jose yeah you get these in
any supermarket chinese supermarket
mostly and there are different kinds you
can try them for a different flavor i
see which one you like the best this
makes everything so much easier to
prepare so all you need to do is first
prepare the delft oh foo i'm going to
cut the tofu into cubes and i'm going to
do that just right in a dish with a
knife cut into small pieces and make
sure when you get the tofu you get the
soft kind this is the soft tofu you
don't want the firm one because we want
this tofu to be like this
okay so that is huge cubes but that's
okay when you stir that if it's too
small it's very easy to get that
smooshed into even smaller pieces we
don't want that ok and then scallion
this is for garnish later I'm going to
cut this small pieces like that for the
coloring it's mostly going to look like
pork and tofu so that's like white and
brown so it's nice to get some green in
there pork is already ground pork so
that's I got the supermarket and you
don't want to do anything else with a
fork so there once the tofu in the
scallions ready gonna get the look and
we're going to start cooking so the walk
is up I'm gonna start by heating this
and adding cooking oil what I have here
is some olive oil and i'm going to add
that and let that heat up and while
we're waiting for the cooking oil to get
ready let's review the steps for this
recipe so first cut the tofu into cubes
and then hitting the wall / just what
we're doing right now i'm going to fry
the ground pork later then when you add
the tofu add some water and then we're
going to add the sauce the magic sauce
then bring it to boil and that's done so
that's the only six steps a very famous
well-known Chinese dish that you can see
almost any restaurant and you're
learning to do
you see how simple this legend has it
that the name Michael came from the
person who created this dish her name
was smile and she created this tofu with
her special recipe I'm adding the fork
down and then became know as the dish
using her name
get compliments when portals don't be
out load up
so what I love to do is stir well and
then separate the core so it's gonna
make the chunks and small very small
pieces you see the turning Carter very
quickly
you see some big shots just take the
spatula and press
and when it all to eat slower then it's
trying to add a trophy all right adding
the tofu right now
now stir that with the four but be
careful you don't want to accidentally
cut all the tofu anymore that you
already have make sure they stay like
you okay what do we do next we asked
some water and just one cup of water and
it's always good if you have a measuring
cup so that was for oil you get a clean
one okay add this cup and now I'm going
to get the sauce ready see how easy this
is all the flavor is here packaged for
you the one that I got is mildly hot
Mapo tofu is usually hot so you can
choose how hot how spicy you want this
to be even some of them are not third
riffs and are not that quite that hot if
you can find in the supermarkets but my
advice if you don't eat spicy food start
learning to eat spicy food because
really that's a whole different flavor
you can have if you if you learn how to
eat spicy ok I'm going to jam please mix
the sauce with the tofu and with the
fork
and there's one more small package which
i'm going to add later this is potato
starch and that thickens the dish so
it's not so soupy trine very wet very
hard not to damage my tofu so far I
think I'm okay alright so I'm plan is
wait till this boils and i'm going to
add potato starch should be soon this is
already boiling so the final step is
remember this secret recipe here mr.
just potato starch so I'm going to add
that to the dish to thicken it and what
I do is add some water mix that together
mix it well and
add it shoot is she have here
make sure you stir okay so once you had
a potato starch gently stir and it's
ready now I'm serving this in a big bowl
and I am very sad to tell you that my
tofu cubes that we started with at the
beginning has turned into ground tofu
you can see that well it's gonna take
some practice for me and for you so just
be prepared for that it still tastes
delicious it just doesn't look like tofu
cubes that's okay practice makes perfect
now after you have this in a bowl now
you can garnish that with scallion and
make sure this is the last step because
you want this gala to stay on top and it
looks nice that way so don't mix it with
garnish and there this is the very easy
and very well-known recipe Mapo tofu and
we made it in less than 10 minutes so
here's the dish for today Mapo tofu and
in Chinese mile pool though thank you
for watching normal walk I am chef lees
if I can cook you can cook see you next
time
you